		# Introduction

	-Did you learn anything new about JavaScript or programming in general?

Yeah, I learned that JavaScript errors aren't as specific as maybe Ruby errors 
and that JS is a more liberal language (exactly what that means remains to be 
seen.)

	-Are there any concepts you feel uncomfortable with?

I'm a little uncomfortable with the world of computer languages. I'm still 
trying to piece together where exactly Ruby and JS stand when it comes to real 
world applications, processing speed ect. I'd also like to know how we 
(as programmers) got from binary code to a language like Ruby. 


		# Ch. 1: Values, Types, and Operators 

	-Identify two similarities and two differences between JavaScript and Ruby 
syntax with regard to numbers, arithmetic, strings, booleans, and various 
operators.

Similarities: Ruby and JS both take numbers, strings and booleans as basic 
objects. Ruby and JS both use the "!" operator to negate expressions comparisons.

Differences: JS uses a weird '==' to compare objects as well as '==='. The 
difference between the two isn't clear at the moment, but I know ruby only 
has '='' and '=='. When comparing two strings in Ruby, the string lengths 
are compared. JS uses capitalization to denote lesser value and symbols 
also have certain denoted values.


		# Ch. 2: Program Structure 

	-What is an expression?

It's a segment of code that produces a value.

	-What is the purpose of semicolons in JavaScript? Are they always required?

They tell the code when it's reached the end of a statement. They're not 
always required, but when they're not required was mentioned, but not discussed.

	-What causes a variable to return undefined?

If the variable has an empty value, and you ask it to return it's value, it 
will return undefined.

	-Write your own variable and do something to it in the eloquent.js file.

Done.

	-What does console.log do and when would you use it? What Ruby method(s) is this 
	similar to?

It print information to the console. It's similar to print, puts and p. 

	-Write a short program that asks for a user to input their favorite food. After 
	they hit return, have the program respond with "Hey! That's my favorite too!" 
	(You will probably need to run this in the Chrome console (Links to an external 
	site.) rather than node since node does not support prompt or alert). Paste 
	your program into the eloquent.js file.

prompt("What's your favorite food?")
alert("Hey! That's my favorite too!")

	-Describe while and for loops

While loops continue to excecute a block of code while something remains true 
or false. For loops define the values it wants passed through a block of code
and then excecutes the block for those values.

	-What other similarities or differences between Ruby and JavaScript did you 
	notice in this section?

Variables act almost exactly the same way in both languages. So do conditional
statements, for and while loops and the flow control seems pretty similar. 

	-Complete at least one of the exercises (Looping a Triangle, FizzBuzz, of 
	Chess Board) in the eloquent.js file.




		# Ch. 3: Functions 

	-What are the differences between local and global variables in JavaScript?

Local variables: Created and defined for every time a function is called. They
can't be called from outside the function. 

Global Variables: Created and defined outside of a specific funtion, they can
be called and redefined anywhere in the code. 

	-When should you use functions?

When you have a block of code that you'll use more than once. 

	-What is a function declaration?

It's when you tell the computer you're making a function, it's name and it's 
block of code. 

	-Complete the minimum exercise in the eloquent.js file.

Done.

		# Ch. 4: Data Structures: Objects and Arrays

Skip the sections on the Lycanthrope's log, Computing Correlations, and sections 
from Further Arrayology to the Global Object, but read the chapter summary.

	-What is the difference between using a dot and a bracket to look up a 
	property? Ex. array.max vs array["max"]

Value.x will fetch the property of the value named 'x'. Value[x] tries to 
evaluate the value of 'x' and use that as the property's value.

	-Create an object called me that stores your name, age, three favorite foods, 
	and a quirk in your eloquent.js file.

Done.

	-What is a JavaScript object with a name and value property similar to in Ruby?

It's similar to a Ruby variable? This question is confusing.








